this whole glory business to me is it's
all about it's all an entertainment Act
and generally no because you're not you
you can't capture glory
unless you're um you know honestly aware
of the audience okay you know right in
order to get this glory thing you know
so you have to be aware of them and even
the guy that's even a martyr
he doesn't even mind he doesn't mind
dinosaur I monitor the mind dying if
it's in front of a crowd grave in front
of a crowd but you know once a by
himself he cries any beg for its life
people want to be God figures even
though we don't say we want to be those
figures those dramatic people maybe in
biblical time maybe the Quran maybe yes
ancient people that's what we want to be
we want to be people of substance I
believe the majority of us you want
people to look up to us and when we
remembered my people
that's the vanity about that we don't
like to discuss about us that's a really
ugly part in society that we want to be
something more than we actually are
look like I say I mean you know people
stop acting like teenagers when they
choose to stop acting like teenagers I
live a life that's more meaningful than
just riding a bicycle up a mountain or
just giving diet advice my life is not
really about my body and it's not really
about other people's bodies that much
either and yeah yeah yeah but but but in
this context in this context of veganism
that is hung up on a course beauty and
weight loss and I think that's still
worth talking about I still have to
think that's worth saying openly is like
you know not everyone's life is about
that and that's I mean what I'm doing in
China right now you know this is an
essay about the anthropology of Laos
written in Chinese you know was my
recent writing assignment you know you
know is this meaningless is learning
Chinese meaningless and talking about
politics and philosophy and history and
Chinese is it meaningless maybe you know
in a sense I can even say yes in a sense
I can say this is a waste of my time but
compared to what my compared compared to
compared to doing compared to doing what
durianrider does with with his with his
time right now you know I I think this
is a pretty meaningful thing for me to
do with my life it's higher learning in
general is meaningful especially
compared to the average person and how
they live their life but yeah just this
fascination I suppose that a lot of
vegans seem to have just with their
physical bodies and they'd be it's
beyond them to comprehend
that some people just don't really care
you know I myself like we kind of talked
about it already bit like I myself I
just not preoccupied with my physical
appearance like I I know how to present
myself in a certain manner like just as
a woman you know if I show up to an
event and like I haven't done my makeup
in my hair it kind of stands out so I
it's I just have a very pragmatic
attitude towards a physical appearance I
suppose I don't derive any value from it
where
or sense of worth from it whereas right
like so many of these other geeking
youtubers like freely like her physique
is everything her you know if she were
she just which is you know she's getting
older right she's not gonna have that
physique forever or something could
happen right she could get him to like
you know obviously god forbid but like
she could get into a horrific accident
and she could lose everything that she's
worked so hard for and just so this
emphasis on the physical I it's just so
about it it's so shallow and it's just
not what I think veganism really means
right now there are so many little
tragedies in that but you know there's
actually a legit saying from the Buddha
in the Pali Canon this is real Buddhist
philosophy unlike stuff that got made up
in Japan or China centuries later which
you know it's memorable because it's the
exact opposite of how we think about
these things today but there's a
statement from the Buddha and this is
approximately translating course but it
says basically you're better off
believing in the body than believing in
the mind or the soul and it goes on to
say you know like if you believe in the
body and it's this kind of thing you're
talking about with you know the vanity
of freely whatever you know at least it
may last for 10 years or 20 years like
the beauty of your body the strength of
your body you might get a few decades in
there but the human mind is changing all
the time
in this spirit and it's it's it's an
interesting past you but it's close
because it's the exact opposite of what
you're expecting it to say and you know
why it says that and so on is worth is
worth thinking about it philosophically
it is interesting but yeah I mean for me
you know what whoa okay I'll say
something about me but really I want to
come back to the issue raised you know
for me I was always kind of planning for
my old age I wanted to be setting the
foundation for what I was going to be
doing as an old man whether in terms of
languages scholarship life of the mind
intellect but also politics and nail
through YouTube I mean it is wonderful I
really have a second chance to do that I
think long-term exactly people like you
because you're Canadian citizen we may
long-term next 10 years be able to set
up a foundation or multiple foundations
we
one foundation that just does education
give something else
tackling other issues etc because I was
doing bears or you know more wildlife
oriented stuff but no long-term the
connections I'm making through YouTube
really will give me a foundation to do
something meaningful in my old age now
even if it takes decades which is
wonderful it's it's a very positive
thing but what I want to come back to
implicit in what you're saying also is
actually not the idea of youth and
beauty but of a second youth you know
and all these people including
durianrider including freely they
weren't young when they started this but
they went back to living like teenagers
again you know what I mean
durianrider he'd already grown old going
to prison and being a drug addict and
his whole story and then he reclaimed
his youth he reclaimed his vibrancy and
freely also that's how she how she
frames her narrative so I see a lot of
older people also for whom that's
extremely seductive there's one guy I
think he's still a fan of mine I haven't
heard from in a while but he's over 50
and he had one video on YouTube where he
was just saying honestly yes these
images of going to the beach like really
appealed to me that was part of what
drew him into veganism and so on yes you
know this idea that at age 50 he could
get back into shape and take off his
shirt and not feel ashamed of himself
you know through veganism and exercising
this lifestyle that yes this really
powerfully appealed to him and he has to
admit like you know he was reflecting on
it obviously was being a bit full talk
about it that it's not really the cow in
the slaughterhouse but that for him this
was really seductive and motivating and
powerful so you know a second youth
that's something very different from a
first youth and inevitably for guys like
with rim it also tends to be connected
to seducing younger people to getting
into bed with with people who are
actually um anyway teenagers are in
their 20s or what-have-you so I'll have
to censor that out because that's a
nonprofit said you know the big
controversy with mom
but we have simply said there is a
sexual component to it there's a sexual
component to this quest to recapture
your lost youth and my attitude is to
say to people you're never going to be
young again and really what you're doing
is throwing away the responsibilities of
being in adults and I'm not even that
sex negative if people if people in
their 50s want to have love affairs
people in their 20s fine
you know it's legal it's good it's
consenting adults knock yourself out
try not to get on an ego trip about it
try not to let it ruin either one of
your lives but I'm not really that sex
negative but the ego trip
the second youth and this business of
throwing away your responsibilities
where you're not you know to me to me
that's sad to me I said and we need you
know yeah sure we need teenagers in
veganism but we also need 50 year olds
who actually act like they're 50 years
old you know we need responsible adults
doing all the things politically and
otherwise whether it's politics or
publishing books doing something
positive didn't pause the things to
build a movement if we have all the
mature people reverting back to peenie
teenager well then how is anything gonna
get done that's it but that's a real
question I have to ask my fellow my
vegans on a face-to-face basis where I'm
asking them to step up and again long
term you know be involved in some kind
of foundation and some kind of much more
pragmatic activism and again there were
positive surprises out there we were all
surprised when the light twins really
came forward and they were talking that
talk they really I think they're they're
looking forward to their middle age
they're still young guys or they look
young I don't actually know whole thing
probably they're probably older than
they look but they're they're wanting to
take on the responsibilities of being
middle-aged adults and that's it that's
a beautiful thing it's beautiful a very
different way from you know teenagers in
bikinis so you know you know actually to
get back to like way back now
what I was going to say I was gonna ask
you a quick question about just the
vegan scene in British Columbia because
I know I think I vaguely remember you
saying that you were disheartened by it
or something because that's just a
completely contrasting experience to
like I've had here in southern Ontario
blended Ontario like my city is only
about 300,000 or so people but we've got
like my University club like there's a
lot of like students in that club we've
got a separate vegan Club just within
the city itself like separate from the
University we have like vegan all vegan
restaurants like an all vegan bakery and
like it's just a very prominent vegan
scene so I was I guess I kind of just
assumes that British Columbia would be
similar southern Ontario is just like
almost so progressed over this way I
just assumed you've described the scene
but you haven't described how those
people treated you like to what extent
you were welcomed in or to what extent
you know I know Christopher I just say
so so what but what was your experience
I have those people and welcome you have
to been opening doors to other than
cooperating with you or has it been yeah
you know I find that people here are
very um like very welcoming like there's
a couple people there's a couple people
I disagree with strongly with how they
go about you know promoting veganism and
also who they let into the club so to
speak at least at least they talk to you
at least they talk to you yeah yeah you
know I have oh man well no I look but my
answer is no I'll hear more but you see
my answer is actually short on this I
mostly mentioned this in contrast to
YouTube in the internet because a lot of
my fellow youtubers feel like the whole
digital thing is so shallow and crass
and people are just trying people are
just rying to make money out of fighting
with each other or or what-have-you
um but I said no look my experience is
the opposite cuz people on YouTube at
least will really talk to me they're
really interested in cooperating me
sometimes short-term and sometimes
long-term and no my experience with real
world activists or non non digital
activist actors who are not YouTube is
is completely negative well first of all
most leaders refuse to talk to me no
answer to an email a refuse to be face
to face like you know of real world
standing in the same room total
exclusion total refusal to you know and
you know various forms of hostility
games being played for power for
political control
what have you uh you know and again I
mean people respond to me before they'd
seen my youtube channel people were just
responding to my charisma like if I sit
down in a room and we're all talking
about politics I'm pretty good at
pathari about politics so do you respond
to that as a positive thing and say this
guy is a talent we can use or you
respond to that as a threat and say this
is a guy who could take over the
leadership this is a guy who could be
more influential than me and I wish
logically you would think that the real
world vegans would be more positive
towards me as my influence on YouTube
grew and again it's not really the
number of viewers I have it's the depth
of the influence I have on them because
even back let's say like today I would
say there were really two thousand
people who are passionate about my
channel and maybe five thousand you care
about it you know a little bit but like
even back when it was just 500 people
who cared about it my channel had a
really big impact on those people and
the discussions were meaningful when
have you
so again if you're a member of a vegan
organization in in Victoria or your you
know those vegan organizers they could
have responded to me as a talent and an
opportunity and so on or they could
respond to me as a threat or etc etc so
there's both more and let's say with
that like I say in a sense it's it's a
really short answer no not even from
Vancouver because I tried to get in
touch with direct action everywhere and
those people in Vancouver if if we even
one of them to talk to me there'd be a
video on my YouTube but you know I could
have done a Skype conversation with
Matthew and there isn't there isn't one
video on my channel with even one person
from Victoria or Vancouver
not even one so I had a hundred percent
hostility zero Confederate cetera and
you know any way I could talk about the
details of amount situation there but
you know we had a kind of weird power
struggle for who was gonna control the
student club at University of Victoria
and there was real dishonesty about that
and this guy who's not a student
so what he's actually illegal it's
contrary to the to the rules okay no no
let's go so just gonna open the floor
you cuz I mean if look I always say if
you have a positive experience and I
before you if you're part of any kind of
organized
I'm happy for you if you know people you
can cooperate with having just five
people you cooperate with who live in
the same city with you it can be
tremendously positive and important but
if you don't you got to be honest about
that too right so that's because that's
what I'm into you I'm into admitting the
you know the scope of the problem I
don't want to pretend I'm part of a
movement when I'm not right yeah yeah
yeah you know you you I remember you
mentioning that quite a bit like you
know if you just had like five people or
whatever like a good group of people who
could get together and just actually
make a positive difference you know I'm
just sitting there I would be listening
to that and I'm because like that's
exactly what I have here in London I've
got a group of students in this club
that we have at my school and like we're
super passionate super reliable and we
get stuff done and I'm just sitting here
I'm like here I have a unique
opportunity I don't know the next time
I'm gonna have this opportunity right
I'm graduating this year and so I like
this year I'm just really ambitious like
I want to take it I guess to the next
level so to speak and so when I hear you
talk like that I'm just like no it
really I really am sorry I just you know
we have like for instance in September
our first event is I'd like to hear your
thoughts on this are your feelings about
dr. William Tuttle
yeah I have my opinion about him he I
will say this he would have been my
first choice but he's good because he'll
bring a lot of people in he's a big name
like yeah what are your feelings on on
Tuttle look will Tuttle everything about
him connected to Buddhism he is from my
perspective a scam and makes a mistake
oil salesman the fact that he calls
himself a Dharma master what he says but
his background butters and what he says
about Buddhism itself so because of my
background in Buddhism I regard that
aspect of who he is and what he does
very negatively now does that mean that
he's a bad advocate for veganism no
maybe there are also really positive
things about him and what he does but
for me because of my background in
Buddhism my background in Asian Studies
and everything else there were just
these questions about who he is
about what he's done with his life
in Buddhism and in Asia and
what-have-you and you know maybe I mean
if his attitude were that was that
that's all in the past and that's over
and doesn't matter I'd be willing to
take that attitude too but on the
contrary the last time I saw his website
he's still presenting himself as this
spiritual figure as this Dharma master
etc and to me that is deeply problematic
now already people say about me that I'm
a cult leader that some people relate to
me that way and no but all my all my
life even when I was a teenager I had
problems with that there were people who
really became followers of mine when I
was in high school really my second last
year of high school and I was really
wary of this at this kind of leadership
quality and a people responding to it in
that way if people really become your
follower so I actually I do have some
caution about that but you could imagine
where perhaps you cannot imagine what
kind of devotion I could be inspiring
from people if I had just chosen to put
on the self-righteous robe of Buddhists
of not to ask these kinds of provocative
and difficult questions but to tell
people what they want to hear and to
appeal to a religious and cultural
tradition with those kinds of roots
because I have I have had conversations
people about philosophy in a Buddhist
temple
we know from my perspective I was just
talking about philosophy but there are
people standing there listening to me
and they start to regard me as a kind of
divinely inspired being you know where
I'm starting to get that kind of
devotional which is not not what I'm
trying to get it's not responsive I'm
looking for but I realized I'm having
this effect on people and I've got to
say look I'm a normal human being don't
you know don't don't no no that's that's
very real and so I don't know I mean you
know we'll Tuttle my apprehensions about
him are all on that side I have never
read the world peace diet I've never
I've never read any of his books and you
know you'll get to see his lecture maybe
he's doing something really paused in
the world
Aaron Janis believes he's doing
something positive you know for veganism
and ecology and you know I mean veganism
you've heard me say this it's such a
morally good cause I believe that
Catholics can do something positive for
veganism and Muslims can do some pose
even though I'm totally opposed to the
Catholic religion and the Muslim village
you know for me as an atheist these are
really these are really bad
organizations and bad belief systems and
bad religions but as it happens my
background makes me especially skeptical
of an and wary of people attached to
Buddhism in exactly the way he he
happens to be attached to Buddhism okay
yeah yeah I mean I read um you know I
have to read the book since I'm on the
exact team of this club and he's coming
to speak at my university but I've read
the first few chapters um I mean I
didn't even realized he was a Buddhist
but I did pick up on like the eastern
philosophical themes in you know he's
talking about connected being connected
with the universe and the fact that
we're not connected with the universe is
like causing all the suffering and
destruction and whatnot
I mean that being said they get like the
only amount that I've studied Eastern
philosophy was a Western philosopher who
was inspired by Eastern philosophy and
that has been the extent of my education
on that which is disappointing who are
you alluding to of is it Schopenhauer
who is it I think it is Schopenhauer
okay yeah he's the main one he didn't he
didn't know much about Buddhism but he
was very inspired by the couple of short
quotations he read from philosophy
exactly what he read we know from from
there's historical evidence of exactly
what you read and what he didn't read it
what ISM which I have studied yeah but
look think about how different this
conversation would be right now how
differently you would think of me if I
had taken the same Road will Tuttle took
I've lived in Buddhist monasteries I've
meditated with Buddhist monks I've
studied with some very famous names both
put his professors but also Buddhist
monks I and when I came on YouTube from
the start of my time on YouTube I was
open and saying I've lost my faith I
never believed in supernatural elements
of Buddhism never but I used to believe
in it in the same sense you would
believe in the green party or veganism
you know I believe in it is something
positive in the world and I lost that
faith I no longer believe that you know
in the 21st century Buddhism is going to
do anything positive and I don't want to
be a part of it you know I've videos
reflecting on that but imagine how
different everything would be including
this conversation you're having with me
if I played any of the games will
is playing if I just made vaguely
positive statements about the universe
loves you and you know and if I kept on
that robe and if I were coming on
YouTube and using those as credentials
look hey you know I studied with bhikkhu
bodhi bhikkhu bodhi is a famous Buddhist
monk hey you know I slept in the same
monastery on the top of a mountain in
Sri Lanka where bhikkhu bodhi used to
sleep you know and I had these amazing
insights and experiences when I was
meditating it would be so easy for me to
play that game and I would get money and
sex and a little bit of Fame not that
much fame but the money and sex are very
real and oh you know what here's the
fourth one we don't talk about that much
in veganism I would get power money sex
fame or a big thing right now in digital
veganism but power is coming next you
know there isn't yet enough going on for
power but religious authority religious
authority involves power you know in
ways in ways you know that again you may
not be able to imagine where you may am
you know but like if you hang out in an
in a Buddhist temple and even if it's
just something like where someone walks
in the room and all I have to do is make
a hand gesture and everyone's silent you
know there are all kinds of power
there's power controlling people but
controlling money in politics and other
things so look I'm I'm in a unique
position and I could mean you know I was
a real scholar unlike will Tuttle I
could actually read the ancient canon
and produce quotations and prove things
you know I could have been a very
legitimate and powerful Buddhist monk or
Buddhist layperson or what-have-you in
ways the other people can't now if I
told you that was ever a temptation for
me I would be lying that was never a
temptation for me but I'm a very I'm a
very unusual person and yeah for the
vast majority of people I think that
would have been huge temptation and I
don't know we'll I don't know him the
maybe for him it was a temptation and
maybe it still is but look I mean let's
keep it real
who's the competition is will Tuttle a
worse guy than durianrider I doubt it
so even even if there are some of those
problems there may be I always say
different people can contribute in
different ways really really quickly
I'll just say you know you know hennya
mania Haney and I know each other we
haven't talked that much I've never had
a long conversation like this with her
but you know I basically support Hannya
doing her thing what'd I ever do what
Hannah's doing no do I enjoy her videos
of her sitting in an airport camilli
were no but different people can
contribute in different ways so I am
open-minded about that you know what I
mean Hania hanging out selling different
resources on different contributed maybe
we'll Tuttle has something valuable true
maybe I'm not gonna sit here and damn
the guy out right you know I wish it
would be so easy for me to say that
about durianrider too if durianrider
wasn't such a scumbag I wish I could
just sit here and say to you during
Ryder has something positive to
contribute also but you know he's
crossed so many lines you know it's it's
so negative that no I can't even say
that about him but yeah well I mean
Ryder's crossed he hasn't just crossed
that line he's made leaps and bounds I
mean what are your thoughts do you think
he could redeem himself at this point I
think he's not going to you know but so
many of us have spelled out for him
exactly what he needed to do to redeem
himself and you know when I made that
apology video too freely the apology
video on my channel where I apologized
to freely that gave him such a positive
opportunity to turn that situation
around but no look youtube and you're
gonna see this different people are
playing different games by different
rules it's not the case that no rules
apply it's just that there's more than
one game being played by more than one
set of rules and he he has at he and he
and freely invented a whole new game it
didn't exist before that you know they
really invented a whole new game and
they're playing by their rules and they
are doing it to death and included in
that is a very sincere form of paranoia
you know Jason could still be friends
with them to this day if they weren't
paranoid so many people vegan gains
vegan gains Keith wanted to remain
friends with durianrider but during
Ryder's view of the world is so stark
either you're my slave or you're my
enemy so all these people become enemies
you know it's real
a real sincere paranoia and ultimately
you know that's why he didn't have
anyone to beat me up he was he wanted he
wanted to have me beaten up but for me
one of the turning points and that was
realizing just how alone he is you know
he's sitting there bragging as if he has
a gang a tough guys to follow his orders
and you stop a you know for me one day I
stopped and realized he's completely
alone he doesn't have a gang of tough
guys he doesn't even have one tough guy
he's really alone and even when you see
him on the top of that hill you know
with his his fans asking him questions
at the top of Joy's suit up he is alone
and now at that time he had already
broken up with freely in reality it was
right at that time whether or not it's a
coincidence he broke up with freely
right when he was making the threats
against me so far as I understand the
situation
you know so again he's alienated he's
made enemies there's so many people he's
so incapable of having friends he didn't
have anybody to come around and beat me
up that's why as soon as I just said
okay where do you want to meet me you
know he never once invited me to meet
him anywhere cuz he knew I'd come didn't
even matter didn't even matter if I was
gonna get my ass kicked I'd show up fine
and fine knock some teeth in I'm out I
got to I'm too pretty anyway I got too
many teeth you know I like to read
writer these are my real teeth by the
way no no blood no steroids no plastic
surgery
unlike the writer but anyway look you
know um I would show up and I noticed
the contrast so as soon as I said to him
look where do you want to meet me any
possibility of meeting me disappeared
cuz you know yeah he had nobody I don't
even think it's anything else I think if
he had people to beat me up that's it I
would have been beaten up but he
switched to threatening Jake Jake Jake
Eames who is like oh yeah oh yeah and
Jake the only difference is Jake is less
than 50% of my body mass he's in really
good shape he does he does distance
running he's actually he's actually
quite athletic but he is small compared
to me and was gonna sit without you know
with Jake when he made the threats to
Jake he was saying things to Jake look
why don't you come you know to meet at
this at this events you know the qh7
mountains huh I remember I said to Jake
is it look he's using the same threats
of violence against you against me the
difference is he's offering you a place
to meet he never did that to me once
because he knows that he knows that
and he's alone durianrider is alone so
that's you know that's the Gainey place
as the rules he plays by and yeah
ultimately it's it's just a tragedy of
what happens when you when you head down
that path his his faith in himself is
absolute and at any given time there are
now just a couple of people who share
that faith and you really have a
slave-like relationship them you you see
that on his channel you know he
interviews these few people who are
still really devoted to him and again
look you know some people are afraid
that'll be a cult leader I one of my one
of my fans people hate that I use the
word fans whatever to me it's natural
reward to use one of my fans was telling
me that his own girlfriend really
criticized them because his girlfriend
felt that he was becoming too devoted to
my channel or whatever the seven coldly
religion I know as they say even as a
teenager I could see the kind of
follower follower relation get in with
people basically all you need to tell
people just tell them what they want to
hear and people develop devotion to you
so you know again I've never been
tempted but it is easy for me to imagine
going down to a writer's path of trying
to cultivate you know those kinds of
fans and followers and what-have-you
those kinds of relationship just like we
were saying but will total but that is
not the game I play I play a very
different game by very different rules
you know so well I just think durian
writers whole story I think it's just so
tragic I look at this man and I mean
yeah he says that rages things he says
inappropriate things things are
completely inexcusable but you know I
look at his experiences that he's had
that have like led to this moment right
like it couldn't have yeah I don't know
I I guess I just don't assume that
people are just born bad maybe that's
overly optimistic of me I don't know but
yeah so I look at this man and what he's
doing with his life and the thing was
that he continuously chooses to do over
and over it despite the repercussions
and I pity him yeah you know he's like
twice my age and I pity him so much look
you know I felt that way especially when
I was doing the medical research on him
his paranoid fear of doctors and you
know refusal to believe in modern
medicine and his crazy claims about
curing Crohn's disease
when I was looking into that you you see
his childhood experience and how it all
fits together as you say is this tragic
element to it where it's like you know
you can see he suffered as a kid and
even now with the steroid use and the
tough-guy posturing other people have
told me that he never went to jail that
even that's a lie like most people don't
brag about going to jail but people have
written to me again I I don't know
what's true but saying look it's just
not sure we never went to jail and they
know from this room this or that record
and in Australia or what have you that
that's either a complete lie or it's a
gross exaggeration that he spent a
couple nights in a juvenile detention
center and he calls that doing hard time
in prison but I mean whether or not
that's true what have you but he his
tough-guy persona also you can see is
built on the experience that he himself
talks about it being a sickly weak kid
who couldn't get any attention from him
I think he said he lost his virginity
aged 22 or so he gave a specific age
that he was physically sick unhealthy
weak that he was never the guy getting
into fist fights are dealing with that
and he was never the tough guy from the
streets and now again it's a second
youth he's he's trying to be all those
things trying to be everything he wasn't
when he was young the first time you
know and the idea I keep saying this I'm
not a tough guy I'm just tougher there's
nice guys I'm not a nice guy but I'm
nice these guys the ridiculous thing is
I mean anyone who knows again I can say
anyone knows me personally but now
nobody knows me personally coming back
here I was gonna say this in relation to
what you're saying about University you
know when you leave University you're
gonna lose the vast majority of your
contacts and friends when you move
wherever you're moving to I don't know I
will talk about nuns you know be I'll be
interested know in the future where
you're where you're thinking about
living whether it's Asia temporarily or
just another city in Canada or where
you're gonna hang your hat um but when
you leave University the vast majority
for friends and contacts you lose and
the great thing about YouTube is that
you are gonna make friends and contacts
that move with you and I'm one of them I
want to stay in touch with you I don't
care you can move to Cambodia you can
move to Alaska whatever you know
obviously I want stay in touch to you
because of this fundamental vegan thing
um the you know political horizons for
vegans in the future that's the great
thing about YouTube but for me when I
left Cambodia I lost all the runs at you
Bodi when I left Laos
I lost other friends I had in Laos when
I left could Ming when I lived here
before in the past I lost all the
friends I had here again and again and
again so from one period of the next to
my life there's been nobody who knows me
continuously so I even just said now
casually passing like anyone who knows
me knows I'm not the kind of guy to get
into fistfights and go to jail as
durianrider boasts he is and again
whether or not we believe that whether
it's completely false or just in
saturation but the sad thing is like
there's there's nobody who really knows
me anymore except and this this again
you can decide if this is positive or
negative in your own life because you're
gonna be in the situation soon I said to
my teacher here my Chinese teacher
Chinese language teacher the other day
that by the end of this course she will
have spent more hours talking to me than
any of my brothers or sisters
any of them cuz you look at how many
hours the course is five days a week
four hours a day I'm in class with her
right so she's talking to me for 20
hours a week so she knows she will know
me by the end of this course better than
any of my blood relatives of this
generation for those assistants and the
same thing could happen with YouTube
right there are people who've heard me
talking on YouTube for more than 100
hours ever maybe that's a slicer I have
more than 300 videos some of them are an
hour long some they're 50 ma so maybe
it's not a hundred hours I'm sorry but
let's say more than 50 hours they've
been taught they've heard me talking so
yeah me whether it's positive or
negative in your life I think you'll see
both as you keep going with this thing
but there will be people who meet you
for the first time you know maybe it's
at an animal rights conference or an
ecological event or Green Party events
or something you know there will be
people walk up to you talk to you but
because they've watched every single one
of your videos they may know you better
than your cousin or your friend you went
to university with you know the number
of hours they listen you talk so that's
a very interesting dynamic and that does
travel with you whether it's when you
leave University or move from one city
to the next in in Canada so we want to
be we want to be people of substance and
wanna be remembered by people that's the
vanity about that we don't like to
discuss about us that's a really ugly
part in society that we want to be
something
more than we actually are